lw6-finale (#10967)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/database/vault/data-encryption.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {

>   id: 'vault-data-encryption',
>   title: 'Data Encryption',
>   description: 'Securely encrypting your data to prevent data leaks.',
>   sidebar_label: 'Data Encryption',
> }
> 
> Supabase provides a secure and convenient way to encrypt `text` data in your tables. Data is encrypted “at rest”, so it will not leak into logs and database backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'Data Encryption',
  description: 'Securely encrypting your data to prevent data leaks.',
}

Supabase provides a secure and convenient way to encrypt `text` data in your tables. Data is encrypted “at rest”, so it will not leak into logs and database backups.

export const Page = ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta} children={children} />

export default Page
```
